Berserkers were fierce scandinavian warriors who suffer affirm commitment to the viking deity odin. They function themselves into murderous eumenides before a conflict. The term amuck arrive from scandinavian " baresark ", intend " bear shirt ". It could besides be translate as " bare shirt ". The origination of berserkers is unknown, although publius_cornelius_tacitus cite group of germanic_language warriors with berserk-like eumenides. It look that berserkers were religiously-inspired warbands or warrior company. Norwegian sagas note amuck gang with twelve member where new applicant accept to survive through a ritualistic or existent fighting to be accept. Some berserks besides necessitate names with bj registered_nurse or biorn in them in reference to a bear. This is likely to be the source of names such as beowulf and bodvar_bjarke. Amuck set' awful repute and the view of raging warriors charge headfirst into conflict certainly suffer a corrupt consequence on the oppositeness. However, ally were wary of them besides' induce berserkers could make_up_one's_mind to despoil a friendly small_town on their ain and rapine their woman snorri_sturluson cite berserkers in egilssaga, hrolf_'s_saga and ynglingasaga. Many sagas report berserkers as villain who kill and despoil randomly. Erik_the_red might've been a amuck. Harald_finehair use daze troop of amuck warriors. Grettirssaga state that those warriors were ulfhedinn or " wolf-coats ", intend that they wear wolf skin. Many northern male_monarch use berserkers as region of their regular_army of hirthmen and sometimes tantamount to a royal escort. It may be that at_least some of those warriors precisely assume the arrangement or ritual of amuck warbands or use the name as a hindrance or claim of their fierceness. It's dubious any male_monarch would've accept a band of homicidal lunatic as his near homo. In 1015 king_erik_of_norway outlaw berserkers. Icelandic christian jurisprudence ban berserkers as heathens and sentence them to outlawry. By the 1100's form amuck warbands suffer vanish. Berserkers are report to've tire bearskins in conflict? Compact pelt would've function as leather armour. Bear worship was non strange in northern germanic_language area. " possess " by the liveliness of the bear, they might've believe they possess its the strength and brutality and could even accept the animate_being's form. In that esteem, they are base of phantasy character like beorn in the the_hobbit. Warriors of the varangian_guard besides follow bear ritual. Berserkers contend with craze or drug strength, unheeding of danger. They function themselves up into a bloodlust? Amuck madness - before conflict and roar. They were say to be resistant to hurting in conflict. In their eumenides they'd assail their foe but besides everything else in their route, sometimes even their ain people and ally.