Ahhh.... what a weekend... precisely the high_spot... I run_low to see a psychic for the 1 clip on saturday... i was out with the black sheep and we desire to run_low see lord_of_the_rings. However, since all the ticket were sell out, we'd to get up with a accompaniment design... considerably, our accompaniment design was a psychic. We survive to a topographic_point business_district that my friend suffer predict almost... they suffer been thither before and they were state that there would be a individual reading, but there was non. We headed out to a topographic_point in richland... i was non certain if i was travel to travel through_and_through with it... as i experience state in premature blogs, past experience experience leave me really freak_out out about these kind of things... i half consider they are true and i half consider they are a load of bullshit.... but i fit i would travel along while the others experience their reading and experience what they consider and get up my brain at the last moment. We travel to this topographic_point and they suffer a large shop besides... we get a one-half an time_of_day betimes... and i am get badly from the incense... why perform incense perform that to me? Straightaway sick... it is weird. Then, we are walk approximately, i am seek to mentally speak through the impulse to vomit_up... and it's cura's turning to survive 1. Straightaway, cura and shelly travel to've a meter_reading before... kate suffer one a long clip ago... so cura get downwards and it's shelly's turning... i can state cura is emotionally travel. Then, i necessitate her what she was state... she was state by february she will be pregnant without suffer any aid... cura suffer seek so many richness treatment... then, of path she was exhilarate... she was state it would be a miss... shelly get downwards, she's non equally travel... but she was state she was travel to've either a new human_relationship or a new babe... to shelly, that's bad intelligence... but she besides state she feel this adult_female was legit. Then, it is kate's turning. I make_up_one's_mind know what i would be distinguish. Take_care you, we each are presuppose to be get 1/2hour tarot_card card readings... kate is down in no more than 20 min. Straightaway, i could state she was non happy, she fail out in beehive when she get discompose and she suffer beehive and would non get oculus contact with me... uh-oh... but it was my turning to become so i become... i will seek to retrieve what she state, but it's in musical_composition, and non needfully in the right decree... Then, after i was perform, we leave... i necessitate kate what happen... she was besides state she'd be pregnant shortly (she perform non desire to've babe) and that she and her hubby would be divide up... she state she get all bad intelligence and was then urinate, she perform non give_care what the adult_female state her she precisely desire it to be over... the weird thing, though, is that the adult_female state her air was uncomplete and necessitate her if she give_birth a caput hurt or operation on the dorsum of her caput... considerably, kate was mistreat as a babe and the dorsum of her caput was fracture... weird... shelly was state she and gordon would remain together... if kate and steve and george_c._scott and i are wholly fracture up how the hades is shelly remain with her fellow? ?? !!! She was besides state her and cura were sister in a premature animation (i cogitate she form that one up) and that she should survive to jurisprudence school and she'd possess her ain house... ummm, yeah... cura... was state jeff necessitate to necessitate for more at study (he was precisely state he necessitate to be more self-asserting by his foreman! !! )... jeff is her perfect match.... i can non retrieve what else... i retrieve she was state her task would be change shortly...