Oh no! The weekend be most over! And_so will accept yesterday off cuz i didnt suffer division either. What perform we perform? Ah yes, we suffer pho at 99 spread, then run_low to costco. Will forget his american express recognition card at place so i suffer to pay for costco! Shock huh! Yes consider its stuff for both of us and he ever pays it. And_so we make home drop and i become with will to make his hair cut. Along the manner i make_up_one's_mind that i cogitate its about clip to reduce my hair excessively and colorize it! My hair be kinda fetid - like it very very defy colour. All the clip kim suffer try to colorize my hair, the colour doesnt arrive out excessively flamboyant which be fine with me. Im very non a buff of the dye visible_light visible_light browned hair, particularly if its on a hoochie. But anyhow. I calculate all the clip that i be colorize my hair be sort of waste money cuz it be ne'er that visable so this clip i make_up_one's_mind to necessitate the plunge and in_reality travel a lighter lighter tint. Im reasonably happy with the consequence! Non excessively dour, but decidedly non excessively light either. Oh yes, and will paid for it (considerably i paid for costco!! And long hair be expensive to colour! !). Then we run_low to see the sign with kareen and andy. That be reasonably chilling. Like non chilling chilling when i cogitate back immediately, but stool, we'd like good buttocks like in the front of the center right_hand? And it be chilling!! Volition be cogitate of steer downwards to los contralto this_evening' induce his teeing_ground clip be at like 7am this morn in milpitas, but like midway through that film, we make_up_one's_mind (considerably i cause. . hehe) that he wasnt travel to travel cuz no manner be i travel to kip solo this_evening after view this film!! But all altogether, it be a cool film. . subsequently we become to dennys yadda yadda and and_so we become place cuz will suffer to make to kip early for this morn. Ah yes, i make uneasy last nighttime so i clean / form the toilet cabinet and under the sink. Haha. Therefore this morn will contract away at like 6am, therefore i make out of bed excessively and write contribution of my newspaper. And_so i view xiphias_gladius meet some card game (spider pezophaps_solitaria!! ) and then kip some more. Reasonably uneventful! Then like 1ish i survive to've dimsum with kareen and andy at paeony, suffer boba (be soo long! ) And continue the same cycle as ahead except didnt lookout xiphias_gladius. I precisely desire to make this blasted newspaper perform and over with! Then i gotta study on my oral presentment, and perform read for my cesium prep and undertaking. Delight. All_right the cycle continue...