Vega is less than 2 calendar_week aside! !! Yay!! We saw the powerpuff girl film tonight. . i dunno. . im a immense fan. . but this film was soo.... dark! Like i desire it to be more visible_light hearted and cunning. . but it got reasonably serious and real. . dark. . at some character. Oh considerably. Subsequently we head over to diamo in elevation cerrito. I suffer state kareen about this sweet they suffer thither - its similar tapioca in cocoanut milk with honeydew_melon. Its really good. We got there like a_bit after 9 and we'd to wait a piece to get a tabular_array. It was reasonably backpack! Mojo is a real different kitten immediately. Sushi's been survive for a small more than a twenty-four_hours and he is wholly change. We return sushi yesterday morning. . it was reasonably tough. She was therefore cunning! And_so subsequently we survive to the darling food_for_thought express shop in pinole (yah thither is one in bishop_berkeley but we already scoped it out last weekend). We suffer a 20% voucher forth and we however end up spend like 200 vaulting_horse. Permit precisely state mojo is survive to be a real real spoil kitten. Last nighttime he even sleep in bed with us! Hehe. He is therefore cunning. He is so a_lot more social at_present, like he will actually arrive detect us and kittynap with us. Before uranium arrive near him he will pass aside precisely like that. My small mojo. :) its survive to be a tough calendar_week. Johann_eck. Cesium cesium cesium. Hopefully i will be able to chop it. By the clip thursday arrive approximately (cesium midterm) it will be merely 1 calendar_week till vega so it should assist me arrive through these agonize clip! Haha. Ooh we are survive bowling on saturday! Yup! I gotta see if i suffer clip to in_reality make the mental_reservation at albany bowl for the' bowling party' that will win. It should be playfulness. :) i real suck at bowling though - but hey i cant_over be good at everything! Hectometer. . travel to possibly fare some reading. . or precisely travel to bed. . we will interpret! 99!