Jangle bell, jangle bell, jingle-jangle all the manner.... it be christmastide clip! !! I be and_so agitate... considerably sort of... husband perform non suffer christmastide evening or christmastide away... but_i make the twenty-four through twenty-six away, yippee! !! Then, the follow calendar_week, i suffer the 1 and two away! !! Plus, i induce a pair one-half day in thither' induce the babysitter be non function... woohoo! I suffer precisely about all of my shopping perform... precisely a few last moment detail, which of path, include husband. He ultimately sit down last nighttime to perform a listing for me, but it be all out of catalog! !! I distinguish him i perform non cognize if that would function since it be and_so near, but we will see... However no word from sam... it be sort of amusing in_reality... perform i cogitate she make the suggest? Possibly... i be the queen of no encounter... and_so i be hope i perform non have to write out the fact that i perform non reckon how she can reckon herself a friend, let a alone a good friend reckon she steals and lies... ugh. This and_so take me back to high school... it be annoy... Speak of which... b-complex_vitamin and i survive to henry's theater this sunday... this miss be crackpot! Her x be arrive marry this arrive twelvemonth, and_so of class she be seek to arrive marry before him... psychotic. To exceed it away, she constitute state me all this play she have_got in her animation... like it constitute absolutely normal for an most 30 twelvemonth old to've and_so much play, like she constitute back in jr senior_high_school... she keep state " immediately it'sn't any of my commercial_enterprise, but i state... " hullo?! Perform you hear what you precisely say? ?? It is non any of your business, and_so discontinue make in the center of every consecrate thing... it be and_so unusual that adult however tip away of play... possibly it be the sum of play i suffer in my " young " day (hour_angle! )... i suffer more than my contribution and immediately, i precisely seek to remain out of everything... if someone necessitate my sentiment, considerably, of path, i suffer one and i will hold it to you, but i seek to seize_with_teeth my lingua until someone necessitate... anyhow... considerably make back to function... non very... a friend call... lol!