Salon's got the goodness. A bang-up digest of eighteen birthday advice from versatile " expert " for our favored counterpart. Some excerpt come_after. They are reasonably long excerpt' induce i was laugh then hard reading it that i nearly urinate my trouser and i cognize none of you desire to wade through salon's ad to read this material. This is merely about one-half of what the versatile people suffer to say. My darling is credibly janice_dickinson' cause all she cause was talk about herself. But annie_sprinkle render the best advice, i cogitate. Simon_doonan can besides be a validator of awful obsession. Nonstop togetherness can leave to a unbalance cul-de-sac where all your dark obsession are validate by each other! It is a sad fact that most celebs terminal up getting unusual at some point, receive themselves in weird cult and whatnot, but from what i can state, counterpart are bad away than most. Begin hang out with intelligent intensely magnetic people. Intimidate people. Possibly some of that position will rub away on them. Why non peal up camille_paglia and inquire her to arrive on vacation? Annie_sprinkle to practise achieve climax. They necessitate to get comfortable with cook themselves feel good on a day-to-day base, to assist them feel cook to face the challenge of their busy small liveliness. In_person, i receive real come to measure the climax experience in time of stress and strain. As they get_down old but good masturbatory habit get_down immediately. J.t. Leroy, novelist band fellow_member and associate movie manufacturer: the counterpart would've to last a torrid event, a public shame,' induce our society induce real put rule. In_order_to alteration perception about someone like an etch_a_sketch. Expression at brooke_shields -- she suffer to perform some large fat bally decrease on her expression before she could travel ahead in her calling. Their best wager would be to merely vanish for a piece. Possibly one of them could break away from the couple and fill on a sapphic character In an high-strung foreign movie, a character that'd real demonstrate some act chop. D-roc, from the ying_yang_twins rap duet: bullshit, i am non ne'er suffer that sort of money like them other counterpart suffer. I am however try to get that much. The 1 thing i be sayin' to them: manage your hard_cash decently, do non expend it wholly in one stead. Bullshit. I am however thinkin'' bust all that money! Be yourself and the ease will follow. From what i can state, they suffer non guess out on their ain. They ever be chillin' together! They gotta get their ain thaaang. Hold_on that wholesome expression, and they will hold_on rake in the hard_cash. And they should decidedly remain away the drug. Perfectly. Peace out. Janice_dickinson, justice on the upn programme " america_'s_next_top_model " and self-described " populace's 1 supermodel ": i am on a reach display, i am gorgeous, i feel good, and i am then thankful to be me... but wait! We are speak about the olsen duplicate here. I am the perfect individual to render the olsen counterpart advice. My girl absofuckinglutely love these girl. In fact, the manner for them to real affect their calling ahead cost to've them direct batch of free mary-kate and ashley product to our theater. Turn_to them to understanding, my girl. Understanding is gorgeous and perform non real necessitate any of it. Being the universe's 1 supermodel make-up and apparel. Child company arrive 2. If they were contestant on " america_'s_next_top_model, " i wholly cogitate they'd win. We suffer precisely suffer to pile them one on top of another, to make a whole olsen. You state all those bally pedophile that they are survive to've to distribute with me, janice_dickinson. I will complain their buttocks, reduce away their dicks and direct them away to magnolia_state. They are bally hog. In_person, i perform non suffer pliant operation until the terminal of my shelf liveliness as a manner exemplar. Immediately, of path, i am wholly sham. The other twenty-four_hours, a lensman state me to smile, and i state, i am grin! It is the botulinum_toxin_a. I will be their new coach. I will tell them precisely how to speak, how to walk, where to browse, what to bear, how to get invite to the best manner display. And i will direct a gangster after all those bally countdown-clock pedophile.