Ilife - 1 impressions iphoto 4 iphoto's been mis-named. This is iphoto 2.1. No' outstanding' functionality that should non suffer already been thither such as the much boast fast scroll and fast action on rename scroll. Suffer non been around anyone yet to contribution photograph (my young sis's laptop_computer is with her at my old sis's theater), and_so i can non comment on that, yet. I am non rattling affect with the' upgrade'. In edit manner, you however get the a solid intermission when you become from photograph to photograph. Scroll is however a little anserine, but fast. And_so's rename bun. Add keywords to photograph is a 1 for me, i perform non call_in if this was available in the premature adaptation. I ne'er utilize it till tonight. Obvious negative: you can non impute a keyword with a right mouse_click on a photograph. You suffer to've your' keyword palette' receptive and you can non precisely doubled mouse_click a keyword to utilize it; you suffer to foreground the keyword and then snap another push_button to impute the keyword. Kinda long-winded. I wish there was an easy manner. Itunes 4.2 digression from back aac.... same thing. Imovie 4 definately fast public_presentation, but the inauguration is however sulky and it however opens up the last undertaking you were function on by nonpayment. I wish this would change. It film a 45 secant count for imovie 4 to open_up my current data_file, which perform consume a good sum of footage... garageband_this is the cool application_program that i cognize i will ne'er consume time to sincerely utilize considerably. It's non as intimidate and distant as say flash, but it is a reasonably robust programme! In drop_the_ball approximately with it this eve i gain rapidly that one needs that keyboard to actually utilize it in_effect. I intend but if you desire to create a existent vocal it would be excessively long-winded without a keyboard. I read a_lot about public_presentation consequence, with this app. I suffer none. Run as smooth and killito's cigarette. Non a single hickup, but then once_again, i perform non suffer any other apps function. For your enjoyment