Delight assist me! !!! I was push into the earth of " acid " while try to avoid the " bang-up american_scream_machine " of " medusoid " while she was about kill by a " runaway railroad_train ". One of medusoid's " vipers " ptyalize some poisionous " nitro " onto " batman " when he was try to preserve me but " batman and redbreast " from the hair-raiser prooved worthless. Perform i perform considerably? ?? ?? I try to report wholly the major drive that about kill me today. Yes, my old geriatric buttocks made a trek to great adventure today. My brother called me recently last nighttime and as self-generated as we can be we were in great adventure. I cognize i cognize, it was stupid to survive on a weekend and a vacation one at that. For your fetid small data, great_adventures was as empty as a fracture prostitute black book try to detect a task. Nobody was thither compare to the clip when i normally go. From 10am to 12:30, we already suffer jump on all the drive that i suffer mention. The lone drive where i wait for 15 minute was the " acid " drive. Which was wholly half-baked to permit you cognize. Hand down, " nitro " was however the good drive in length and excitment. The drive that suffer me shock was that " viper "! !!! This thing was choppy and it was precisely throw me all over the topographic_point! !! !! !!! Therefore, possibly that's why they call it the " viper ". I could non get over at how empty this commons was. We were precisely walk up to all the drive and precisely fundamentally walk in and jump on. I cogitate this is the lone clip that i am kinda dig this recess. Bang-up adventures is expensive as fucking folk. Make certain you get those coupon and coca_cola toilet and become during the calendar_week. Possibly that's why it was empty. It was a beautiful thing precisely walk on and non wait on those wellbeing occupation. Clip for me to shower_down and perform my thing. I am the early work_shift this calendar_week at work. Clip to run_low. Peace, fishdawg >) )) " > peace.