I become to go_to_bed last nighttime at nine and become up at one this dawn. Position normal thither. George_c._scott said that formerly we get into our new theater and get decide et alabama, that i am ne'er operate nighttime once_again. I cogitate he hover between awe at how i operate on and_so little slumber and_so chronically, and concern that i am either operate to precisely stagger over or light asleep behind the wheel or something. Rattling i can run_low for week and calendar_month on like two, three hr kip a twenty-four_hours. The trouble is that i am non utilize all that excess clip fruitfully. I suffer, however, been knit as much as my manus will leave. It is considerably for like half time_of_day or and_so, and_so a pause. I am feeling the atmospheric_pressure to get it done-i've the whole rear and front_end to perform, and_so i feel like every second i suffer to be operate on it. I decide to retire from school because i am precisely non perform it. I am manner behind and i ai non in the outlook to perform it. I reject to feel guilty about it-it is precisely non something my kernel is in. All the precedence are in a different topographic_point right immediately. Plus, with all this instruction they are put us through at workplace, how_much available outer_space perform i in_reality suffer in my encephalon? I am decidedly survive up to the temple this weekend. I was travel to travel for a few twenty-four_hours, retrieve, but i precisely practise non retrieve it is a good idea with all this medicine i am nevertheless necessitate and all the caution i have_got to necessitate with hold_on my manus clean and material (non that it is soil up thither, because it is non). Precisely that perform everything i necessitate to perform is easily perform from here. For the long clip i was look for an indian lunch container. This is like a series of three alloy containers that all stack and burst into a carrier_wave. Like a lunchbox. But it suffer seperate containers for different thing. Considerably, i could non witness one, non even on ebay, which suffer deity cognize everything. But i regain something better that is made by thermos_nissan. Is this the same nisan that makes car? Who cognize. Anyhow, they are making like steel thermos_bottle bottle and so_on and they have_got this 1 that have_got four rung containers that match into a steel thermos_bottle and it's presuppose to hold_on thing hot for 12 time_of_day or cold for 24. And_so this will be nice for bring home prasadam from the temple for george_c._scott, or when i run_low up and expend clip thither. This_evening i was view some dvds_of_srila_prabhupada. My invention of him is bleary is rattling perplex. He was so confident e'er without being chesty, precisely rattling convert of the reality of his word. He appear to be rattling strong yet rattling delicate at the same time-sometimes the photographic_camera adult_male would focalize on his manus and you can visit thither that his hint was both strong yet rattling precise and delicate. It was playfulness to see him with the child. Some people believe that merely srila_prabuhpada should be the guru. This idea suffer been a major source of contention within our community. I perform non normally speak about thing like this here, but i can state reasonably openly that i perform non purchase into it. It cause non cause sensation to me. How can a company grow and go_on to grow if the sequence is broken? The disciplic sequence suffer been survive on for thousand and thousand of year. We see that srila_prabhupada's guru was srila_bhaktisiddhanta_saraswati_thakur, and so_on back down the telephone_line. This is the disciplic sequence. My guru is a adherent of srila_prabuhpada. It precisely go_on in this manner. Of path srila_prabhupada is rattling particular,' induce he bring krsna_consciousness to the west and establish our company. He's like a gramps to us, grand-guru, and we are grand-disciples. Of path he maintain a particular position. But that perform non intend that everything should discontinue thither. Of path it suffer to go_on on. I cogitate that people necessitate to be rattling cognizant and utilize a_lot_of discreetness and serious thought and supplication when try for the guru. It's rattling easy to be cheat and mislead, so we suffer to near this rattling carefully. All the bible state that we should examine the guru rattling carefully before accept him and that the guru should perform the same for the adherent. In this manner we can be certain that we are getting the bonafide existent softwood. Supplication is a rattling large character of it,' induce when krsna sees that we are serious about spiritual animation, helium send the guru to us. The guru is a manifestation of krsna_himself. When you are serious about instruct about spiritual animation and ready to entrust to it, krsna_himself arrive to you in the shape of the guru to steer you back home. So you necessitate to beg rattling unfeignedly about it. Some people operate for year or a whole life-time without of_all_time regain their guru. I perform non suffer this experience-the 1 clip i suffer to the temple, my spiritual headmaster was thither wait. So everyone's experience is rattling different. I cogitate i am more the exclusion than the regulation,' induce most people occupy several year with it at the least. I cogitate that westerner in general accept a trouble with authorization, accept authorization. We perform non like to perform it. Everyone desire to be the foreman. That brainpower merely leave to more trouble. The lone manner to instruct anything is to 1 of all admit you serve non cognize, and then to listen and serve what your instructor says. This run_low with anything, non precisely spiritual liveliness. Like when i was in nursing school, you'd to view someone perform a routine. Then when you try to perform it and compensate if necessary. You could non precisely travel in and say,' ohio, i cognize how to perform that', when you perform non. Even immediately if there is a routine i perform non cognize how to perform, i call someone or detect someone to show me how. If i was excessively proud or chesty to act that, i could potentially ache someone through my ignorance. Therefore spiritual animation is the same manner. 1 you suffer to admit you serve non cognize. Then you suffer to witness someone who perform cognize, and that's the guru. Then you state to the guru and i will listen and perform what you state me to perform. That is what it is all about. The trouble for many people fare when guru says, fare non fare this, fare non fare that. Like guru might say, oklahoma, if you are serious about spiritual animation, no drunkenness. People cogitate, oh no! I suffer to hold up drink? And they perform non desire to perform it. Or illicit sexual_activity. People perform non desire to render it up. And_so they change_state approximately and state, oh, this must be a cult, it is rattling restrictive, try to state me what to perform with my personal animation. But they are non gain, they desire to instruct about spiritual animation, considerably, this is how it gets perform. You can non precisely suffer your cake and eat it excessively. And most people perform non even gain how thing they perform are in_reality damaging to them. Or they perform gain but they precisely perform non give_care because they desire to' enjoy' in the mo. Intelligent people rattling it makes my liveliness easily and considerably. Therefore all these thing we practise all of this at 1 appear like a awful test and asceticism. But subsequently we can gain that it gain animation and_so a_lot easier, and we are better for it. And if we cognize something about other faith or the account of faith, we can besides understand that these thing are non strange. In fact, most serious religious pattern will order these same thing to one grade or another. It is precisely that most people are non rattling serious about follow religious pattern. I am non certain how apprehensible that all was precisely necessitate. In a few week i am survive to grant a talking at the college in a division on faith that a friend of mine is occupy. I am rattling look ahead to it. It is something i suffer ne'er perform before so i am rattling enjoy the chance. Give_thanks goodness i am utilize to speak in front_end of people so i will non be skittish. I precisely necessitate to detect out if i can possess the whole time_of_day or non :) rich_person a good twenty-four_hours, and chant hare_krishna to be happy. '); " > postcount;