Mrs._robinson meet the wondertwins! What if you were friend with somebody who show up in your animation slightly indiscriminately but so proceed to classify of dig_in themself by visit your theater precisely kind of drop by at curious hour.... what if they one twenty-four_hours render you a ticket to consider the universe's good instrumentalist claim that they desire " nothing in tax_return " precisely cogitate you " might like it ". What if they then drop by your theater one nighttime give_birth a box of chocolate and a six_pack of beer state that they were " in the vicinity ". What if during the path of the eve they seek to intice you into act " true_statement or daring ".... you suffer cogitate they were sportfishing for a one-way ticket into your trouser immediately would non you?? What if they were a " them "?? Badly, i act non cognize what's up with child today but i cogitate a coupla friend of mine might've a jam on me. Together. The two of them. Immediately do non get me incorrect, i am all about the togetherness vibration and if i was survive to make the sweet love to a grouping, you two would decidedly be at the top_side of my listing but sadly, methinks the incorrect tree_diagram is being proverbially bark up. You see i am old. We old people suffer suffer a opportunity to attend approximately a small, seek a few things, snog a pretty dame or two and the thing we suffer fare to value almost highly mongst all the things we suffer attend and fare is slumber. That thing last nighttime where i induce all fractious induce you guy would non result and it was edge past_10:00? That was for existent. I consume your chocolate i even feel a bantam affluent when you decide it was " excessively hot' in the theater and start occupy your apparel away. At 10:00 i desire you run_low. Understand? I perform non suffer the department_of_energy any_longer to hire in bullshit like that. Please perform non take_away it in_person but at the same clip, if i am on the target in any esteem ray: this whole design to get-you-some-chickster please take_away me from your listing of possibility. I am flatter but i rattling can non even get_down to get_down into why the whole thing is such a rattling bad idea. Precisely entrust me on this.