Adieu 2001... adieu dan adieu truncheon: goodnight_chicago... glance from close nighttime claire, the dame in the box position i will not see for for_a_while. The houseboards, marquise and anteroom display disassemble. The concluding audience buzz with excitation, desire the subtle thaumaturgy of the concluding performance. The grooming rooms immediately clutter and tear asunder as we train to remove our thing place. The sign-in sail on the callboard immediately full. Clip wear at the edge. Prop: umbrella old-fashioned camera hold on for one last public_presentation. Spike magnetic_tape and freshness magnetic_tape precisely as it be during technical_school... some of it supplant after heavy traffic. The orchestra warming-up. The techies prepping the sets, light and particular consequence. Listen to the preliminary one last clip. Seeing each mold fellow_member necessitate the degree for their concluding display. Stand solo behind the centre aloof doorway expect my entranceway is everybody here!? Be everybody ready! ?. Seeing roxy's bowler_hat chapeau low from the fly during " roxy. " Watch everyone watch everyone else... necessitate inventorying of the face and the experience so we will not block any of it. Be surprise at precisely how emotional our concluding display be for me. Stand with pam (roxy) on the empty court set and say " considerably, i estimate that be it for you and me... " and very feel my ain subtext. Sing my concluding musical_note, slam the centre aloof doorway... and lose my bullshit. Stand with the company degree leave embrace and snog each other during " today. " Submit my concluding bow. Regenerate my costume and prop to their font and boxes. Clean my sphere of the dress room. Watch the put disassemble and remove. State adieu to everyone one last clip. Be state adieu one last clip. Walk out past the marquise... already advertise the future display. Without a vestige... windy_city be survive. As i walk aside from the theatre, and into the centre of town, i gain i will lack billy_flynn to_the_highest_degree of all. If you consider him... render him my consider. I will lack ya, buddy. It be precisely a noisy mansion where there be a nightly free-for-all and all that jazz... :: todd stuart 19.8.01 [ + ]: : adieu miss_girlene... see you all in' 02