Back in hub_of_the_universe. Cold. I saw " bowl for aquilegia " last nighttime. I liked it, cogitate it was real entertain and character of it were challenging. But what confuse me a_bit was the degree michael_moore was seek to get. ( warning: non-specific plunderer in_advance) the overall content was " there is excessively much gun ferocity in united_states, " which get sensation plenty, and the information hold that it is the lawsuit that more people in united_states are kill by guns than anyplace else (although the docudrama handily use bleak numbers instead_of adjust for universe when compare the united_states to other area -- needlessly, real, because the numbers are a_lot higher here irrespective so why even seek and misdirect). But his explanation as to why appear contradictory. He argue (1) information_technology's non precisely' induce we induce more guns,' induce other area induce batch of guns, like canada, and nowhere nigh as much gun ferocity. And_so he argue information_technology's non because_of lax gun controller law and excessively many bullet for sale -- because, canada suffer similar law and easy handiness of bullet. ( 3) helium perform non charge violent television, movie, and television game. He say nippon suffer more, and they perform non dart each other. And he expend a segment interview marilyn_manson and seek to impart the degree that he is non the ground child dart each other. Therefore we stop up at a civilization of concern. We induce more gun ferocity' induce our television_receiver intelligence focus therefore much on ferocity and concern. But, he admit we suffer more gun ferocity. So_that is sort of why it is on television_receiver. They do non make it up. And_so i estimate he is argue that it is a cycle that feed itself. But gun ferocity was high here before the egress of the mass media and hysterical local newscasts. And he perform non demo any factual evidence to demo that concern spur on by local newscasts leave people to dart each other. And then he expend a ball of clip talk about a 6-year-old who dart a schoolmate in wolverine_state. ' induce he regain a gun at his uncle's theater. I can non regain the connexion between this and the television_receiver intelligence. He besides take a segment to charge welfare-to-work program for gun ferocity, which i could non rather follow -- i estimate he was state that take parent out of the theater give the child more clip solo to detect guns and and_so function blast people with them... but why welfare-to-work is different from precisely normal work is non clear to me, and it was non at all clear that he was argue that parent should non function at all. Despite my trouble with the logic, it was challenging and entertain. Decidedly worth my two hour and ten dollar. The new_york_times liked it excessively but suffer similar mental_reservation with the logic. From their reappraisal: " mr._moore hover between admit their complexness and pass in to his ain impulse to simplify. He displace a number of possible answer out of manus. Is violent popular civilization to charge? No,' grounds in a state like nippon, with a bantam fraction of our gun death, people eat_up super-brutal movie, television game and amusing book with even more edacity than we do. Poorness? No, since canada and many european state suffer a_lot higher unemployment rate and a_lot low homicide rate. Is it our account of warfare and barbarity? Compare with imperial united_kingdom and third_reich, he suggest, we are downright peaceable. " but each of these assertion drive roughshod over some obvious doubt and reservation. Unemployment, in state with more across-the-board wellbeing state than ours, is non inevitably the same as poorness, and the sweeping barbarity of state and conglomerate hire in wars of conquering is non the same as the retail havoc of arm person. " but though he appear to be hunt for a specific diachronic grounds for event like aquilegia is happy to generalise in the absence of empiric grounds and to get a_lot of connexion that appear bastardly on nigh exam. Several times he note that the aquilegia shooting occur on the same twenty-four_hours as the heavy united_states bombardment of the kosovo war. The more you intend about this concurrence, the less it appear to intend. "