Garons endommags character three - corey_there were five of them in the rowhouses across the street. Underneath the shininess of public normality and personal magnificence live the goggle price within. The timer consume already complain the java batch into high gear_wheel by the time corey cope to drag himself out of bed at 5:30. He pad softly into the toilet to shower. The hot, the considerably he think as he change_state the spigot to full-tilt. His muscle smart the balmy, delectable aching of a peculiarly arduous exercise. His animation as a professional_dancer in the metropolis's premiere concert_dance company demand that he be in the good form physically at all clip. At 31 as twelvemonth by twelvemonth his gristle tire of_all_time thin and less indestructible. He was necessitate to raise, transport and discard ballerina around the degree... something which have been easy when he was nineteen. He step into the blaze warmth of the cascade and permit the h2o watercourse over him, permit the heat perforate. He was in the good form of his animation strong and limber... cheat. He would function long time_of_day in dry_run studios and gymnasium to accomplish his present animalism. He was, non peculiarly big... in the traditional sensation. His human_face was pocked in indigence of cut. Corey shave and dress for the twenty-four_hours fast ridicule turtle and black leather shoe with ag buckle. He pour his java and sit down at the kitchen table... very no more than a counter construct out from the wall, and open up the hebdomadal option paper. He rapidly flick to the rear section and begin flick through the classify advertisement. He circle three advertisement which pique his involvement, and transfer the telephone_set number into his day-to-day contriver. He'd call recently in the twenty-four_hours and result messages. Corey e'er enjoy company division... the chance for the intact company of professional_dancer to teach and to elongate and beef_up. Corey love the subject, the consistence of everyday since he constitute twelve. He watch his every motion in the mirror the gorgeous blond learner from golden_state. Every bit the surfer-boy type, saint_christopher appear to dare solemnity... his grace was unparralled and his strength alone among the integral corps. Saint_christopher catch corey's glimpse and smile. After luncheon time_of_day, corey catch up to saint_christopher. " hey_chris, i find that advertisement you suffer mention. " " yeah? Perform you call? " " result a message during luncheon. " " cool. They will predict you shortly... i state them to look you. They will precisely desire to speak to you for a small, and if they like you, they will desire to gather you in individual, you cognize... precisely to make certain you are what they are search for. I state them non to concern. " " thanks. It precisely appear, i perform non cognize... is it tough? " " one clip's a little weird, but you you will get into it. Specially the money. " " considerably, i will let you cognize what happen. " " perform. " Saint_christopher walk out of the cabinet room and back into the studio. When corey arrive place that eve, the message visible_light on his telephone_set was blink. He call_up his voice_mail and retrieve a message from ryan at metro_escorts.