Oklahoma. one thing one. You gotta read this narrative. A nurse at the hospital i function at function to new_mexico and got chew on by a clique of sixteen untamed domestic_dog. It is unbelievable but true. Read it here. Future. You cognize what annoy me? Thither is this incredible longstanding prejudice against smoking on telecasting. Immediately, all_right, you should non smoke. This is arrive from someone who smoked more than 20 year before render it up. But the trouble is that in between these " true_statement " commercial about the horror of smoking, there is improbably cunning wingman (and the new wingtail feature a real cunning domestic_dog) commercial all about beer. Immediately, possibly i am an imbecile. But i suffer ne'er hear of anyone smoking a cigaret and kill five guiltless people because they were mar. Why is non thither more anti-drinking stuff on telecasting? Drink is bad than smoking in my sentiment. This is arrive from someone who suffer been sober_up most fourteen year. But the degree of the topic is, if you are survive to flop smoking, and_so you ought to break drink. Collar the baccy industry while let the alcoholic_drink industry let away scot free appear to be fishy in my volume. Someone's pay someone away here. Therefore. Affect on to the following bit of rant-a-roni, last nighttime could've been bad. It could've been better, i assure you. My manus is non real ready for this. I suffer no thought how_much it was survive to suffer to in_reality write. For all the type and knit i suffer perform, i suffer non perform scarcely any authorship, and it suffer to have_got a pen. Plus i suffer non suffer any hurting medical_specialty for it in over 24 hour immediately and that perform non assist at all. Plus i suffer spasm and some fretful nurses to sell with. I can non stand_up a fretful nurse. I would quite suffer the spasm. I can non assist it when some thing hap. I perform the best i can. That is my task. But regardless_of how considerably i cause my task, some thing are travel to hap that we cause non like. I can non assist that. Teach to live with it, people. If you can non treat it, run_low work at walmart. That is what i ever say i am gonna perform when i am grow up and perform with nursing. I desire to be the saluter at walmart. " hawaii! Welcome to walmart! Would you like a roadster or a handbasket? " See? I can perform it. What i desire to be is a palaeontologist. I hold_on think i will necessitate some geology division at uncw. Anyhow, i suffer to be back at the hospital in precisely under four hour for that division. I am non function tonight and work through monday. I am survive to seek real, real difficult to non light asleep during this division. I perform non even cognize what it is approximately. I precisely cognize it must be reasonably of_import for my foreman to distinguish me to travel in_advance and occupy myself away the schedule so i can make it. It is sort of bleak and awful out thither today. It would be a good twenty-four_hours to kip, but i will non get more than a nap in late this afternoon. I arrive some tilak from a friend of mine that arrive from radha-kunda, which is the absolute holy topographic_point on this planet. It is reasonably perplex. It smell unbelievable. I will write more on tilak tonight. I besides suffer some real nice divinity photograph from another friend in motor_city and some real nice embroider beadbags (i suffer a juju for embroider beadbags. I am obstruct to state you how_many i suffer. ) As a endowment. I am survive to set together some nice thing and direct back some present. It is therefore nice to get present in the mail like that. I presuppose i ought to regain something to eat and judge to regain my methylphenidate. I perform non like function without it. I should suffer a note from the doc that says i perform non suffer to function if i perform non suffer my methylphenidate. It precisely makes liveliness therefore a_lot easy. Suffer a good twenty-four_hours and chant hare_krishna to be happy. '); " > postcount;