All_right......... Uh...... i am creatively dart this morn was my 1 pursuit into writing the note for the monday series. I cogitate it was survive to be easy! !! I precisely calculate that i will be my normal self and precisely write about the eve before. Shit_i_was_sooooooo_wrong. I catch myself saying " oh ohio, i can non call the crowd motherfuckers " delete. " Bloody edit. I was stick in communications_protocol and politically right eden. It suck royal buttocks! !! !! !! !!! I estimate that my flash and bent for writing arrive at a terms of " non being fetter " by social sensitiveness. Get me explicate something to you people that get been inquisitive about me. I suffer a bang-up inclination of hide what i very feel and even_though i am mr felicitous survive lucky, i could be melt on the interior. Then if you read this web_log and you cogitate " ohio, he's in a good mode, allow me call him and bother him " you might be incorrect. Permit me hold_on things in general for the intent of amusement. Last nighttime was louderjam at 13. Ohio homo, can i state you that everything rock. The receptive mic was improbably heavy. 22 people were compress in that bitch. Perform non inquire me how the hades we travel through 22 people. I travel up thither and perform a collabo of my bronx musical_composition and i make very good feedback from people. I, for some reason was non feeling it. Some mics were non function and the of_import character were non hear. The audience was lose. I try to perform it as loud and strong as possible but besides to hold_on a good anunciation thing travel on. It rock good though. Beam was loving it and he was happy with it. The characteristic said that my spell was his favored of the nighttime...... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm............... sleep_together it, i am happy. Deems_taylor arrive in last nighttime and kidnap lynne_procope and deem her inappropiate. He was kinda p-noid hope that i will non arrive out of no where and pommel on him. Why perform people cogitate that i am such a bad buttocks? ?? ?? I am a nice guy_cable. I hold non hold nobody down a flying of stiars in a long spell. I am a nice_fucking_guy_dammit! !! !! !! !! !! !!! All_right, survive place last nighttime and precisely fester in my survive room. Begin writing and i could non discontinue. Relationship was the subject at_hand and i precisely could non assist writing. All i can say......... " i am sorry " gonna gather up with some people for some poesy talking today over a cup of java. I feel like one of the friend cast. This thursday is the nighttime hereafter slam! !! !! !! !! !! Dependence_day! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !!! Lol_i can non wait. Peace, love necessitate care pisces >) )) " >