I so detest stereotype... very... perform people gain how_much they can ache? I sustain a twosome friends that sustain " unwrap " to me recently that when they foremost meet me they cogitate i was a prig and conceeded... therefore, i ask why. I cognize plenty from my past that i necessitate answer differently i will drive myself brainsick as to why... considerably, purportedly it's' induce of how quiet i was and the fact that i get_dressed nice... what?! Foremost away, being quiet is a hex... i am diffident. People perform non normally believe me, but it very is true. Immediately, formerly i cognize you, no, i'd non say that i am diffident. Reserve in what i unwrap ordinal_number I get_dressed nice? What's that?! At 1 glimpse, that may appear like a compliment and possibly it's in an off-color sort of manner, but it'sn't very. See, why should i be evaluate on what i tire? I arrange non even cogitate i peculiarly arrange nicely. I suffer from self-consciousness so i would non, but very... i cognize many other people who arrange a_lot skillful than i arrange. Anyhow... plus, if they cognize how i purchase my apparel... you cognize those $3 shirts at aim that no_one else desire... that is me! I purchase everything on cut-rate_sale... literally, the to_the_highest_degree i sustain ever spend on jean was $30something dollar at the opening. The understanding i spend that much was' induce a friend induce send me this dire twosome as a present and i was change them... therefore i could apologize that it was non very my money i was consume anyhow. Name trade_name? I sustain a twosome... possibly two. And i cogitate both are name trade_name shoes! One twosome i precisely purchase a twosome calendar_month ago with my christmastide money (once_again, non very my money i am consume)... i purchase some dkny slip-ons at marshal's (the tj_maxx type shop) and i cogitate they were $30-35 dollar... so, non a whole batch was spend! It remove me two week to ultimately pull them out of the bag and bear them' induce i was then dismay i induce spend then much on shoes. Evidently, i induce spend money on existent lawn_tennis shoes but that's' induce of my bursitis. The last clip i sustain new lawn_tennis shoes was in college so my nikes sustain endure 5 twelvemonth at_least! My shoe cupboard is satiate with payless_shoes... then, yes, i sustain a short_ton of shoes but they were purchase at payless and the bulk of those were clearanced! !! I perform non cognize why this ache my feeling... i opine because last clip i match i perform non recognize it was non " cool " to appear skillful and i opine i am opine to occupy attention of myself. Ohio, yeah... this miss besides note that i am e'er induce my hair cause... to which i answer, i induce no idea what you are talk almost' induce the last haircut i induce was end summertime... i induce dyed my own hair with $7 dyestuff that you besides can become to rite_aid and purchase! Ohio plus i reduce myself some nasty-ass slam this spill... whatever! I estimate i perform non attend myself as mercenary... my parent, yeah... that was how they love us... you are discompose about something, here travel purchase a shirt... but both of these people are state that this was their 1 feeling of me... once_again, if mercenary mean you desire thing to search skillful, than, yeah, i will admit to it... but i desire thing to search skillful at a fraction of the monetary_value... what a commercial! Anyhow... lol, my non-materialistic self make my bday present from husband... it's a .50cttw princess cut day_of_remembrance band... but, in my defensive_structure, it was purchase from ebay so we make a super bang-up terms... plus, i cogitate it's every present for this integral twelvemonth... lol...