One of the most platitude would image that arrive to my head when people utter about racism is the vision of the white supremacist sit at a desk in front_end of the american flag with a christian_bible and a scattergun before him. Then many people consume utilize or seek to utilize and however to this twenty-four_hours usage faith as an alibi for racism and other kind of bias, and they are perfectly dead incorrect. I could dedicate you a long listing of quotation_mark from the christian_bible, the quran, the dhammapada and the bhagavad bhagavad-gita (which jointly cover the judeo-christian, islamic, buddhist and hindoo globe, a solid bulk of the globe's universe), but i decide that it would be a_lot simpler and to the degree to merely explain why there is no coherent alibi for racism from a religious position or differently. We'ren't the body. It is that simple. This fabric organic_structure that we suffer at nativity suffer perfectly nothing to practice with who we are as people. What live the difference between a live organic_structure and a dead organic_structure? Consciousness-the presence of the individual. Anyone who's of_all_time visit a individual actually decease (i have) know that thither is a here_and_now of decease, and you can actually visit that here_and_now when the awareness leave the organic_structure, and the animation decease with it. The factual' individual' is the liveliness, non the human_body and blood it ride approximately in. The body is like a yugo. It is considerably made, on average, but flimsy, and dependent to trouble like disease. It gets old, break down. Sometimes even from nativity you suffer a lemon, that suffer chronic trouble and dysfunction with it. It is a body, that is all. It cause non cause you who or what you are. In this fabric universe we like to delegate everything by fabric appointment: i am white, i am female, i am american, i am poor, i am this, i am that. What we flunk to gain is that all of these fabric appointment are perfectly nonmeaningful in the large image. The individual become through infinite organic_structure once_again and once_again, animation after animation, and the organic_structure we induce in this animation is' induce of something that happen in a past animation. It is strictly arbitrary, and at the terminal of this animation, we will get another organic_structure that might non be anything like this one. So we make all these appointment that very suffer no intend at all. Formerly we can understand that we'ven'thing to perform with the organic_structure beyond ride approximately in it, we can realize that bias is a fabric concept establish on false apprehension. It's like evaluate me because i drive approximately in a white 1995 jeep_wrangler. I am non the auto. The auto can non perform anything without me driving it-it suffer no liveliness or capacity on its ain. When i it perform batch of things. But nobody err me for my auto. The apprehension is clear that the auto suffer no baron of its ain. Neither perform the body-without the liveliness in it, it is precisely a ball of flesh that finally decay and devolve. Then when we appear at people, we suffer to understand that all these physical, cultural and social differences are impermanent. As spirit individual, we perform non suffer any of these designations-there is no such affair as' american' individual vs.' cambodian' individual vs.' russian' individual, or black or white, or female or male for that affair. The appointment are a false universe establish upon impermanent lodging of the individual, and hence precisely an verbal_expression of ignorance. With or without bias attach to it, the appointment are an verbal_expression of ignorance. We besides greet that all live beingness and that they merit the same esteem and care as we do-hence vegetarianism and the principle of ahimsa or passive_resistance. We can precisely as easy obtain an animate_being organic_structure in our future liveliness as a human one, or a unmoving entity such as a flora or tree_diagram. Every animation being suffer a individual. Hence anyone can see that bias is unknowledgeable behavior establish upon an unknowledgeable premiss. People who seek to utilize faith as an alibi for bias are even bad,' induce every major religious custom in the populace teach that we are all finally buddy and sister (hour_angle, thither i survive with fabric appointment) and should be loved as we love ourselves. Permissiveness can be find in both the quran and the christian_bible. Easterly faith greet the presence of the individual altogether live things and advocator passive_resistance towards all animate_being, what to speak of merely individual. So with merely a_bit of logic and realize things as they very are (non as we suffer like them to be) we can understand that racism, sexism, patriotism and other kind of bias are verbal_expression of ignorance, establish merely on impermanent stuff nature, and non on the ageless the_true of the liveliness individual. '); " > postcount;