Yay the weekend is about here! Vega in less than one calendar_week! :) it was a reasonably tough calendar_week. . im however catch up on slumber! Ooh my good bud from high school is up here in walnut_tree brook. We'd smoothies together with another friend on wednesday. I real miss hanging out her. She's soo scraggy though, haha, make me feel like a moo-cow. But its inspiring. :) whats run_low on this weekend? Hmm... ah yes - this_evening one of my friend's is suffer a cocktail / drink party - but its all the manner down in surrogate metropolis though. Therefore far! I estimate it real depend on how will feels - cuz he'd be the 1 drive anyhow. Tomorrow nighttime we are function to perform effort a quadruple appointment (equally oppose to duplicate appointment). Dinner and then the bowling party that will win at albnany bowl. We desire to bowl at crown hour (to suffer the to_the_highest_degree of the free-ness hehe) but they say that we suffer to hold clip thats before 9pm. And_so we are survive bowling from 7-9. either dinner before or after. Then like hang out and meet game. We can meet the honeymooner boardgame that we suffer! Its real sad - last clip we act it was for will's birthday last year-4 couple. Out of those 4 couple - only 2 are however together. : (ahh the tide alteration... sunday? Ooh we might play golf_game! Last nighttime the four of us run_low to the drving scope together. We saw some of will's golf_game friends thither and he was introduce me and kareen. It was amusing, like the' whole family_line' is here. After all, in the hereafter we are wholly survive to be household anyhow! But im decidedly improving. Thats real non say much cuz i however real suck. But pattern make perfect! :) it was playfulness but by like 10pm my deficiency of slumber from the nighttime before was catch up and i was soo pooped! But yah we might travel drama on sunday - but i cogitate me and kareen actually pay to play golf_game would be a immense wastefulness of money right_hand at_present. I perform bask drive the cart though :). I love friday. Its the start of a nice weekend. Ahh. . vega arrive up!! Yay! !