Boxer or jockey_shorts? ?? ? " Hawaii, my name is surface-to-air_missile and i tire hot pinkish things " what is the softwood people! !! !!! I am back in the task and i am perform bang-up. This morn, i am ride to function and i am reading the daily intelligence and i arrive acorss those " devout abby " type column. The miss was write' induce she was lose alot of friend' cause of her on telephone_line diary (web_log). Belly_laugh, i ne'er hear of an on-line journal. I ne'er even know that you could perform that. Anyhow, this miss was lose friend' cause of the things that she was write. Her anti-war position and everything else were put her in awkwards position. I say this........ beloved miss that's lose friend' cause of her web_log " if your friend read your web_log and they make_up_one's_mind to reduce you away, those were non existent friend. If you can non suffer your ain view without suffer those people evaluate you, you perform non necessitate them. You necessitate people in your animation that will accept your view for what they are, your_views. They dont have to hold with them, but they can accept you. All altogether, fucking pica_em! !!! Last nighttime, i got an ask_over to the nuyorican. I was tire and non very dig the fact that i'd be getting another nighttime of a two time_of_day slumber oscillation. Here is the kicker, i suffer this feeling that it would be a good thing to precisely survive. Surely plenty, i perform non regret it. They begin the slam betimes' induce a phosphate_buffer_solution product company was thither record the slam. After the slam danny_hoch. I was in poesy eden for five vaulting_horse. Considerably, in_reality, more like poesy purgatory' induce the compact_disk recording at 13 was away the claw and no display induce arrive near to that! !!! The slam was good and it was good to see different voices on the mic. Out of 20 slammers, i merely know one. That's a good thing. Carlos_gomez, one of the member of nuyorican 2003 team was thither and he occupy 1 in the slam. Yet, he cause the admirable thing and hold up the time_slot' cause he already cause the team. Then, keep this peak would've been worthless' induce he could non be on the team once_again. Some white guy_cable advert " lamb " submit 2 and the chance to submit contribution in a friday slam. As the vulture that i am, i got sanchez information for some things i'd like for him to perform. All altogether, willie_perdomo is a hand down headmaster at what he perform. I can non explicate how a simple change of the note of your voice will convey a verse_form to liveliness. Mayda perform her thing and she's therefore amazing. Amusing thing, i perform non travel and state hullo. I meet mayda about 6 clip and that connexion is however miss. She perform her thing and she's sincerely an amazing poet. As i am write this, i ain'ticing something that many of you credibly already haven'ticed. I be_given to render my due and prop to all poets who are of latino line_of_descent. I can non even refuse this. When i 1 begin arrive to this shot, i feel that there were non enough latino voices approximately. That of path change with academy_award break down doorway and many others after me. I'ven'thing against a poet who'sn't latino but i will digest my spanish_american buddy as difficult as i could. I can state you that there are some latino poets that will create it large. They suffer their ain manner, manner with word, and a commitment to suffer to the top_side. Mark my word, lookout for a choose few. With last names like bermeowill run_low down as amazing latino poets. Therefore, my twenty-four_hours is here and i am good. We suffer one twenty-four_hours to drill for team_acentos taking on the baron that be on monday. I can non wait, it is survive to be playfulness. I'd love to beat them. Yet, i'd sleep_together to precisely suffer playfulness and pattern to suffer considerably. On that fantastic ecclectic note clip to resile peace, love_take care fish (i am a proud, strong, latino adult_male) dawg phosphorus. sulfur cause i always cite that i cause suffer a hot pinkish g-string juju? ?? That's a whole other web_log! !! !!! !