Velocity stick or degree_first thing, if you call my cell telephone at 1:35 am and i cause non pluck up, what cause you cogitate was happen at that clip? ?? Kip you idiot! !! !! !! !!! Bloody. Here is the amusing small things that make my animation bang-up. Yesterday, i perform my rite of awaken up shower and all that hygenic material that we all suffer grow habituate excessively. Lenny leave a degree anti-perspirant and when i function out out of mine, i begin use hers. Here is the amusing character i was a walk " bun - on anti-perspirant " experimentation. I use the last bit of the grade and i got merely plenty for one axilla. I open_up up " velocity stick " and throw that on. Degree on one axilla and speedstick on the other. Talking about an interesting twenty-four_hours. The victor of the " pisces induce no liveliness and decide to perform this prize " travel to.......... speedstick! !! !!! I suffer one sweaty armoit all twenty-four_hours and that level is survive to be action by me for false ad. Acentos suffer arrive and travel. Yesterday was............... " different ". Our characteristic was stuck in windy_city and at 5pm, she was at newark_nj. I know she was non survive to make it when i hear that. Surely plenty, our receptive mic and pause arrive and travel and we suffer ultimately suffer our 1 featureless_acentos. The optimist in me say taht it was all good. We suffer a good crowd of 22 people and i was happy. Best character of the eve, rony suffer install an air_travel conditioning and i was happy as a polor bear on water_ice. I was happy yesterday, nothing take_care bend and academy_award perform non get on my heart and vice_versa. All altogether, the nighttime was bang-up. I am get_going to get_going function on a " work in progression verse_form " call " she sing ". I dabble with it and i cogitate it suffer possible. I read some small endorsement that i write and i suffer gain that my conceited effort at wit will non occur on a regular base. All altogether, good eve. I precisely awaken up with a concern. I choose some advil and the tumour should run_low aside shortly. Necessitate care peace, love_fishdawg >) )) " >