View frau2 sucht happyend tonight. The film before whose premiere in cologne_ev and the team from sat1's " all you necessitate is love " surprised me. - the film electron_volt and i therefore ne'er induce to view,' induce we were scarcely in the mode for view a film premiere after not-having-seen-each-other-for-a-good-4-months, and evil. people-with-cameras, and four-takes-of-first-time-seeing-again and considerably, there were television_receiver right to be sign away. The usual, you cognize? ;) somehow we never make to see it while he was here either wanted to see that german_capital film in german_capital and all. - but considerably, my desire to non push my boytoy into something he cogitate he'd detest was large though. I love this fellow, after all. - and hey, his desire was establish. The " all you necessitate is love " people, as adorable as they were, make ricky_martin's " private emotion " the setting music to our hug-and-kissing-scene-in-the-cinema, and considerably, i was non wuite certain whether i could swear these people with the choice of a film after that. I induce postpone view it solo, excessively, precisely' induce it's " the " film. Even yesterday i intend. I besides wonder whether it would precisely be dissapointing and badly make and sickingly sweet or whatnot... cause non want to demolish any secret phantasy of mine. But i was surprised. It was a nice film. Real. Make you want to affect to german_capital this identical consequence, make you want to light in love. Make you long permanently music and a person spouse. The moviemakers rather evidently were non then certain as to how people gather and perform non gather on-line, and how chew_the_fat and things work, but considerably, i forgive them, smply because the cut and the music were excessively good. * sigh * lack to see it once_again. With my boytoy future clip, i cogitate. Want the soundtrack, excessively. The more i cogitate about it after that large surprise on television_receiver thing. It would non suffer been excessively good for us, i estimate. We perform non function those clenched_fist few day. A film like that'd suffer induce topic bad. But future clip he's here... hmmm.... i cogitate he will suffer to be lightly persuade (with all necessary mean_value) to view it. It is adorable.