Hullo!! Cogitation cogitation cogitation cogitation. I be therefore ill of consider! Hows this weekend be? Hectometer permit see. Friday_night we saw the new austin baron goldmember film. It be amusing? Considerably non screaming but i laugh alot! The godzilla character be my favored character! Ooh and the cameo! Tomcat sail! :) that be cool. Oh yes my friend shirley be in town! Yay! We'd dinner with her at samwoo on telegraphy. It be yummy. The waitress be very nice - which very suprised me cuz like normally at korean restaurant our experience be that like if you be non korean they be non precisely nice to you. But hey nice alteration of event! Oh yes - thursday_night we survive to sushi theater - be a piece since we survive thither! We rate excessively much. Tsk tsk. But therefore yummy! Yes and david render us free appetiser and unagi bun, and besides mochi water_ice cream! Yum! We be sooo full after that. Saturday? Hectometer what perform we perform. We'd lunch somewhere - i dont retrieve where though. It be lone yesterday! Oh yes us and kareen run_low to sconehenge. Then i consider more. Will travel to the drive scope. Then me / will become to 99 spread and suffer some grocery_store and suffer dinner at diamo. We didnt appear to purchase_order stuff that be excessively yummy. I desire walnut_tree prawn! The poulet and twine bean serve we make suffer mushroom. Yuck! But of course yummy sweet. Then we run_low place and i consider more. Oh yes, heidi and peter discontinue by for a_bit excessively. This morn? We fit to stonestown galleria - will necessitate to make fit for his dinner_jacket for his friend will's wedding_ceremony. We suffer thither at like 10ish and they werent even open and_so we become to mcdonalds and suffer breakfast. Then we perform a_bit of shopping, hehe. I make some top_side at banana, like 3-4 top_side? I dont retrieve - they constitute all on cut-rate_sale and like entire constitute like entirely forty-something vaulting_horse. Then at abercrombie i make a top and it be the terms of my whole banana purchase. Hehe. Cockamamie huh. Then we arrive perplex in traffic arrive place and immediately im analyze. Wheres will? Duh! Play golf_game! But yah, i suffer much to consider. . immediately when i state discipline. . its non real intensive consider. For that i suffer to run_low to the depository_library or sufficent and something - and non suffer access to my laptop_computer or a computing_machine. This blasted card game on will's computing_machine - its call spider pezophaps_solitaria. It be sol freakin addict. Must discontinue! All_right byee!