The paper chase & we ragazzi @ north six while most people be credibly getting total at the les savy fav folly at book on friday_night, anna and i soar on our bicycle over to northerly six to match out her friend's band the paper chase from dallas / denton texas. Be non everyone from denton these twenty-four_hours? We suffer thither in the center of their set " perform non you wish you suffer some more. " Unluckily though, there be non that many people thither. I however enjoy watch them create their convulsive put drum and key. It be hot and sweaty, precisely the manner i like my friday_night stone. If the band be non drip with effort, they perform non seek hard plenty, you cognize? I suffer never see we ragazzi before either, and this three-piece be decidedly interesting. Anna says the pb vocalist sings like prince, but what capture me about the band be the kick-ass drummer miss. Non entirely perform she strike those drum difficult, she perform it with such a singular manner. It be tough and forceful without be out of controller. Though their vocal begin to sound more and more the same, i perform like what i heard... and be curious to hear more -- hopefully more various vocal from this band. Observe brooklyn! Neil immature tribute @ view commons on saturday it be a beautiful twenty-four_hours. I got a phone_call from annie ask if i desire to ride our bicycle over to expectation commons for the neil immature tribute. I be game. Annie bring the scribble dining_table and made this delectable cinch for us. We be soar along the chain on my bicycle break. It be therefore sad. I abandon the chain on the street and we walk our bicycle the ease of the manner thither. We be rather early and stand in line to get into the concert. Half of the clip we be seek to calculate out how we be survive to mouse our vino within. They be match bag... stool! Annie hoard the vino in the shrub near the fencing... we think we would become get it recently when we be safely within. Doug and his friends from north carolinas meet up with us a small bit recently. We find out they snuck two bottle of vino in. And we travel to bring our hoard vino. I induce sort of a concern and decide non to booze. I be rather affect that at the terminal of the nighttime doug and the work_party suffer stop up the vino! Drunkard! Annie and i slow play scribble as people walk by and comment on our game. People would say think like, " be' enliven' a word? " We'd answer, " why yes it be. " The concert be reasonably bad. Though cat-o'-nine-tails baron to_the_highest_degree of the people who act be precisely plain dire... sort of a slaughter. While there sean and redbreast. They constitute all thither precisely hang and of path constitute for iron & vino. Pepperiness. Dt said he ne'er heard surface-to-air_missile beam sing the manner he be singing at the tribute. It be more of a area manner of singing. It be good though. As that crew roll out, i bide and hang out a lil long with annie and co. we pack the railroad_train place and fortunately doug's friend help me transport my bicycle place. Overall it be precisely a nice twenty-four_hours spend in a beautiful commons. I kernel new house_of_york! !! Lazy lord's_day i awaken up the future morn to travel and fasten my bicycle chain. There be this objectionable texas family_line in line in front_end of me, precisely wholly boast their fullness. The dada be buy bicycle for his two daughter, who be in their 20s. They sort of give away spoil vibraphone as their dada pay for their $450 bicycle. The cashier guy_cable be like, it will credibly occupy a pair week to get the bicycle made, but cause non shout if it be a small long. The dada answer, " ohio perform non you concern. They will decidedly shout. " After i pay_back my bicycle pay_back, i rode over to mckarren commons. Meet up with doug and annie once_again. We seek to move over to pete's confect shop, but it be non open_up yet. Then we buy a clump of stuff to make dacquairis And besides a kiddie wade puddle to satiate with h2o. It be reasonably amazing. We dunk our foot in the puddle and got booze on dacqairis and mojitos. Yummy! Someway i rode home booze in the dour, wholly buzz on the wondrous restful sunday. I love weekend like that! A small excess something-something if you be bore and feel like begin a eating_house, here be how to cant your eating_house to the city_manager.