Neglect home_improvement? Me? Non a opportunity... Therefore fundamentally i abhor my flat. It's ugly. Real real ugly. And brassy. It look like a motel. ' induce it's, or was. My flat edifice utilize to be a' hotel' - and that is non surprising consider the state it was in when i foremost act in. My friends and i call it' the 1-star motel.' When i foremost moved in, i remove the tasteful soft pornography painting of nipponese woman and jostle them in the cupboard. I remove the ugly sofa / bed covering and hide those in the cupboard and so_on. My live room cupboard look like a cemetery for brassy motel piece. Ohio yes, my topographic_point is amply supply - with brassy piece_of_furniture. I suffer non feel like invest in re-decorating because i perform non cognize what was function on with the function visa. I would real like to travel - but i cause non induce the money to purchase piece_of_furniture and i cause non desire to make the committedness to purchase piece_of_furniture either - so i am precisely travel to cause a_bit of re-decorating. Nothing major - precisely new drape etc. With an factual color system. That is right - things in my flat may in_reality fit!  I suffer to perform something. I intend after all. How motel is that? Therefore i suffer pluck my color. Blasphemous and imperial - these will be my new color in my new & better flat. And_so, i find drape that i am in love with - is non that sad? To be in love with drape? I suffer been gaze at ugly compact polyester pinkish drape from hades for 3 year. Buh-bye! The new dreaming drape are greenish and blasphemous at the top_side with this cool chinese form, and and_so a reasonably bright diaphanous blasphemous the ease of the manner down. I adore them (see, it is the little things that make me happy. ) The other drape are a diaphanous grape / purpleness. Immediately, to demonstrate to you even more how speechless i am, i precisely purchase them, without render any cogitate to how they'd be pose up. I suffer ne'er in_reality purchase drape before. I precisely assume they slide on the drape perch. And_so, when travel to accept down my ugly-ass pinkish polyester curtains i detect that they perform non' chute' on the drape perch - they suffer a_thousand little bowling_pin hook up to these pliant hook. Yuck. I open up my new drape. They necessitate the whole drape perch slide thing. Ut, lori - there are nails that necessitate to be unscrewed. This position would necessitate.... ut... a screwdriver. Of path i suffer already accept down my ugly drape and could non stand_up to pose those sucker back up. I cognize i own screwdrivers.... and i cognize they were someplace.... credibly in my cupboard (perform non inquire! ) I'ven't utilize them since i act in 3 year ago. I necessitate them to pose together my desk and i suffer non utilize them since. I in_reality find them in my cupboard, which was perplex. ( in the procedure, i besides receive my little teddy_bear bear, hermes - perform non inquire me how he acquire in there! ) What was non perplex was my precarious position on my unstable pivot position chair which is non high plenty to be real effectual. I was stand_up on my tip toe getting my old drape away, and and_so i was seek to undo screws while on crank toe while stand_up on an unsteady pivot chair. As_if i am non stroke prone while stand_up however on steady land. I find 3 screwdrivers, none of them a phillips head. Of path that is precisely what i necessitate. I lend the phillips head to a friend year ago and cause non make a_lot of an attempt to get it back, since i merely utilize screwdrivers like formerly every three year. How useless am i? All i desire was to hang up my pretty drape! And_so i survive to bed with no drape last nighttime - male_child is that sun helpful at 5am! ; -) sol this_evening one of which i assume would be the right size because i'd' eye' the nails. Hahahahahahaha. Yeah right_hand. I run home, flog out the screwdrivers and they were both excessively small. : (back to kmart once_again. This creepy kmart employee keep follow me approximately and smile at me and look me up and down and say, " good morn! " It was 9.30pm....anyhoo agitate to get the darn curtains up. Neither of these screwdrivers function either! At_least non at 1 - i cogitate the independent problem (other than me precisely being me) is that i am non up high plenty - it is hard seek to unscrew something when you are two foot excessively low and standing on crank toe, lose impression in your weapon from elongate up in the air_travel. Ultimately induce one nail out and pose on one drape, which necessitate me about 20 moment' induce i was fight to pull the perch out plenty to induce it on, one drape holder at a time. I decide to judge stand_up on my desk to induce to the other face. I was wary of this,' induce i pose the desk together myself and was non real confident in its sturdiness, but dammit, it hold me precisely mulct (* rare proud moment *. ) I induce the other screw out easy as pie' induce i was tall plenty. And of path, this constitute when the integral perch fall out. Ut! I suffer doltishly and needlessly fight with the other drape when i could've accept the whole thing away. Therefore getting the ii 1 on was easy..... but pose the drape perch back into topographic_point and screwed in was something else. I am sadly survive to be afflictive tomorrow. . One_hour_later, i suffer curtains up! Yay! I love them, so_that is something! But i am survive to suffer to survive through all this once_again in the survive room excessively? * sob * toilet you conceive_of if i seek to perform something in my flat that in_reality necessitate accomplishment, if i suffer this much trouble hanging drape? Real sad.... though i affirm a little footfall ladder would assist my sad self out a_lot i cogitate... If merely i suffer some 8-foot tall friends; - )