Le_fabuleux_destin_d'amlie_poulain_and someway, that translate merely to " amelie " in american. Last nighttime, connie and i lease the adventure of amelie. We suffer been try to grab the picture at one of our local fine_art theater, but fail repeatedly due to the sweet yet evil hex of indifference. Blockbuster (non certain why i connect that) suffer an copiousness of them, credibly due to the fact that people are non patient plenty to read subtitle any_longer. That's a sad statement. The 1 share of the picture perform a strike and run eating of setting information about the puerility of amelie. The origin of this picture (gotta hold_on state picture before kyle fury) is credibly both the amusing and saddest presentation i have_got of_all_time seen. We are show the origin of this little miss's animation and the curious extreme that put her on manner to becoming the amelie of eld twenty-three (the eld she's for the length of the picture). Fundamentally, amelie is the narrative of a miss who gain that thither is no better feeling in the universe than assist others detect some small musical_composition of happiness. However her failing is that she can non appear to assist herself. As a_lot as she try to overwhelm her personality and behaviour, amelie fall back and hide herself aside. I will say no more. Audrey_tautou suffer these eye and this human_face, that you can non of_all_time detest (cause non confidence that imdb.com photograph either, it is awful). There is this doeful expression that hold manner to a role who suffer an inventive magnificence underneath it all and a large kernel underneath that. Tautou render amelie everything she necessitate for the audience to precisely love her and she elate us then much that we feel bad when we experience her flounder. Tautou besides hold_on us believe that she's twenty-three and that she's at an old_age where she understand clearly what necessitate to be necessitate badly and what other thing can be enjoy. If i say any more about audrey, connie will kill me in a unsighted fury drive by jealousy. The photographic_camera work is perplex, and it is even more perplex when you cogitate that jean-pierre_jeunet besides target foreigner: resurrection. He run_low from outer_space warfare to love narrative, those cockamamie gallic. And for for_a_while this picture was certainly non that. Jeunet suffer a chemical_science with the sight of the picture. The photographic_camera angle if that constitute any sensation. Jeunet precisely suffer a fantastic stage_dancing to amelie that's nearly like " moulin_rogue " on handful of sedative. And everything supra is compliment by a very good soundtrack. It is pianoforte heavy, which in_person i love, and in most scenery it is hide in the ground someplace. I am a truster that soundtracks are an of_import role to picture. Most picture can utilize them right, others can non. Amelie is a bang-up case of how music can act on your spirit and heighten the feel of a picture. I detest write picture reappraisal because i am normally reasonably bad at it. I cogitate this was one of my worst since all i perform was spurt about the picture. I shoot far excessively much of my ain opinion, i normally feel like i suffer no idea what i am talk nearly and i am lucky if thither is any organize opinion. But if it make any difference, i am credibly survive to purchase it on videodisk, and to me, that intend it is surely worth lease. I am reasonably certain this reappraisal will non gain me a topographic_point on the " balcony " with ebert either.