Hooplas necessitate circus antic ostensibly rachel trachtenburg could not get the display last nighttime at north six because she be be interview by vh1 or something. After dop pattern, we wholly run_low over to say hi to eric and the say hi to your ma crew. We cogitate we suffer pillowcase in precisely in clip for shtym's set, but unluckily that be not the pillowcase. We suffer through the last one-half of jason trachtenburg's solo display... the absence of rachel's cunning human_face be compact in the air_travel i felt and_so bad for him... but it besides pain me to listen to it. Therefore much so_that i could not assist but express_joy out of jitteriness for him. Ohio. my. gosh. Poor guy_cable. Then some sort of blue_funk band whose bassist give_birth this blasphemous visible_light up flash ring arrive on degree... and we wholly cognize we'd to leave. Pizza_pie streak. We ran into truncheon from other passenger thither, chomp aside on a piece. This town feels more and more like family_line as clip run_low by. We eventually state adieu to truncheon and roll back to northerly six. Eric ultimately die on phase super late, but we enjoy the set however. I be scantily conscious' cause of my deficiency of kip these day. But hear eric sing " super " be skillful and reassuring that someone else in the reality hold the same sarcastic sensation of wit that i perform. News. Back to band pattern though. I practise not cognize why, but i be addict to travel to band pattern. I cogitate that i miss dop when i practise not visualize them at pattern for like a calendar_week. Suffer such access to their music and their originative procedure be an perplex privilege that i accept vantage of as much as possible. I see them build_up. I see them grow. I see them create perplex vocal. I feel like a female_parent, proud of her child's accomplishment. The beautiful sound begin to envelope me, and i cannot assist but smile. It be so bally good! I learn some television of them drill disk_jockey's new vocal, which joe sings on. His voice be therefore sad and beautiful. The vocal be so goddam tricky. View them here and view for yourself! [ warning: it will occupy you a piece to download but it be worth it. ]