Belly_laugh is it wednesday already? Permit see. Saturday will was travel everlastingly at his friend's unmarried_man party. . what perform i perform? Ah yes function on my stupid newspaper, im a_lot a_lot happy with it than my original one. Oh yes and my friend bicker from louisiana was in the embayment country visit that weekend so she drop by for a_bit to hang out. She was state me of some miss from my high school, like how some of them suffer child already. And like i was very very surprise! But i opine i shouldnt be. . some people are precisely like that... i dunno like i would opine you'd be miss out on batch of things you can practice when you are however immature uranium cognize? But hey if you are responsible and you planned the gestation then baron to you. If you are responsible and cause non design the babe, considerably... then there is difficult decision to be cause. Ohio and she state me about this miss that was in man-about-town! I estimate im non excessively surprise, she suffer a dainty organic_structure and wasnt precisely the high school valedictorian uranium cognize? And_so make money the manner you can i estimate? It was playfulness like dish_the_dirt about people from eminent school. I dunno merely a choice few! Im sure it will be reasonably brainsick when like some high school reunification arrive approximately, i inquire how_much certain people would suffer change. Perform they suffer 5 twelvemonth reunification? That'd be succeeding twelvemonth i estimate. We will see! Ooh so we travel to the driving scope on monday, i was perform a_lot better than last clip! I in_reality strike it into the near greenish! Yah its non that far, but for me its a immense skill. Like i desire to suffer better at golf_game, but i precisely dont suffer the clip. My unemployment tend out in like 2 calendar_month and_so im kinda concern bust my fiscal position. Like im run_low to try To begin with 4 upper division electrical_engineering path, but if i will in_reality stop with 4? Who cognize. And_so im non sure if i desire to get a task and learn aside clip that i should be learn uranium cognize? But then i require the money! I saw in the day-to-day cal yesterday that they are look for a stewardess at this puddle mansion like down the street from where i live. I inquire how_much the wage is. This occupation would non precisely assist me in my calling sphere though haha. Today in my e190 class we were treatment this article about how engineer these day are excessively contract take_care in the sensation that all they cognize is proficient info, and non enough vehemence is being put on humanity and material. Its perplex listen to some of the engineer in my part how perplex up some of them can be. Of path we are all in it for the money right_hand? But some of these guy adult_male... i was reasonably disgust. I cogitate the instructor was getting annoy excessively. Of path im in it for the money - like i suffer any real_number involvement in technology? Yah sounds very shoal but its slightly true! My favored thing to do is to shop - sad but true... and i necessitate a good task to do my shopping! Like people in task like nursing and material, sure thats enceinte if you like to assist people but its non become to get the bill paid for enceinte clip shopping. But at_least some of the classes im travel to be accept this arrive spill semester sound interesting, and i in_reality suffer interestingness in accept them! All electrical_engineering, no cesium. I detest cesium homo!! I wish there were more mathematics classes i could occupy. . mathematics appear to be my thing recently. . excessively recent! Therefore this weekend we might run_low to marine populace! Andy can get ticket for like half forth. We are however consider though. Last clip i survive i retrieve was with shirley / christian and i dont retrieve that topographic_point being and_so bang-up. Hectometer delay - possibly we run_low to bang-up united_states with them and marine universe with fei / phil. Who retrieve everything is therefore bleary! But i dont very retrieve either of those entertainment park being that playfulness... but at one-half off it could be consider! Volition's survive to play golf_game on sunday. And then succeeding calendar_week is survive to suck insanely! I suffer to hold another introduction on monday - this clip its about emergency_alert_system system (electronic article surveillance). . uranium cognize... like at library or apparel shop they suffer those pedestal at the exit / entrance that will honk if some stupid worker there forget to inactivate the label? I cogitate by_and_large its out of incompetency! And then i suffer a concluding newspaper and my cesium concluding due. Its survive to be a long calendar_week. But the weekend after that's will's friend will's wedding_ceremony. Dunno what im survive to tire. They are suffer a dry_run for the wedding_ceremony party on friday_night, and then a dry_run dinner after that. Like i got an ask_over for the dry_run dinner, which sounds playfulness. But if will's already survive to be in sf for the dry_run i dunno if i desire to drive by myself out to sf precisely for the dinner. I detest driving in sf. The church_building the wedding_ceremony is survive to be at - st. ignacius or something? I look at the web_site and it's huge!! I hear its survive to be immense wedding_ceremony excessively! That should be playfulness. But i dunno who im survive to be sit with cuz will's a groomsman. We will see. We suffer a cesium project due on friday. Playfulness playfulness. I suffer and_so no involvement in my stupid cesium class. . its like pull tooth. Hehe. Precisely get it over with damnit! All_right i estimate i will perform some reading for it. . ugh. . be back recently!