Best thing............... When you are affect. When you feel something deep down interior that desire to make you travel or change the universe. Last nighttime after i experience place, iwas precisely in awe of what i precisely experience. You precisely desire to catch a pen and write down every spirit that you suffer. Change_state it into poesy take it. You cognize, i suffer been writing poesy for a longggg clip. I precisely got onto this shot about 2 twelvemonth ago bootleg and 1 twelvemonth functionary this coming_november. The clip that i suffer suffer under the umbrella of poesy is very perplex me. I write in this web_log and i ai non travel to hold_on it 100% poesy' cause my animation cause non run that manner. I however cognize that's is a immense character in my animation and it suffer rapidly become one of my favored character. I suffer ever suffer a immense composite that i will ne'er constitute good plenty to have_got it down in this discipline. That i will ne'er be good plenty to be one of those " awe-inspiring " writer. I ne'er suffer any dream of book national. I precisely desire to write a good verse_form and wield that happiness. Being necessitate in the administrative aspect of poesy is difficult. I desire to write all the clip and get better at what i perform. I desire to study and study everything thither is to cognize about poesy, animation, and believe it or non, my account. What create me this manner is immense to what i write. I am a strong_puerto_rican homo. What suffer create me strong?? My grandparent that contend to get their country. In my founder see that battle, he suffer ever state me to fight. I fighting for what's righteous. I fighting for what i merit. I merit cognition to make me a well human being. I desire to sit_down downwards on a stoup with some immature child and narrate them about the account that i suffer teach. I ai non a " character " of account. Waht happen in my clip time_period cause non create me, i will ever feel what happen before my clip is what create me stronger. Possibly others will suffer stronger by get_word what suffer throw me this ride to get_word and possibly even sleep_together. Animation is good to me right immediately. Seven finger on a keyboard my kernel grow mundane. For all you suckers out there pork_chops_fish