What is wrong_with_sammy_sosa? This berth is in consider to the remark chain on my berth from august_13th. It was decide that i should post this for four ground. Foremost, it is relevant to the conversation. Ii, it is long. It permit me change my icon. And kyle hate berth about baseball_game. Bask this kyle. 1. ) Connie was right about the " remove sosa " factor. You suffer suffer to supplant him with an fanciful " ordinary " actor like a gary_gaetti and function the stats that manner. Immediately, the cubs, i am certain, would nevertheless be ache without sosa. There is non query that. And the cubs clearly cause non do_good from induce him' cause when 20 of your 40 home streak are tally with no_one on base, that's bad. The other batter in the occupation up indigence to tread up and perform their occupation by getting on foundation. If thither suffer been precisely one other base_runner on base during those 20 home footrace, that's another 40 footrace that could've do_good the cubs in many games. 2. ) Sosa's refusal to accept the steroid_hormone examination, whether he is on the juice or non, was a reasonably bad puerto_rico motility, no interrogation about that. Unless he is afraid of gratuitous. To me, that was along the same telephone_line as the kid who state you he wash his manus for dinner and then refuse to express them to you. Mechanically, it's safe to adopt that there is something incorrect thither. And he may non be on steroid_hormone, he might be occupy some other word_form of musculus accessory that possibly he's non presuppose to. And bruen is right excessively when he state we can non impeach him' induce we induce no test_copy, however his behaviour pass us to believe that thither is something unusual pass on. 3. ) Sosa is a place streak batter. He is build_up like it (evidently) and everything about his lilt demand it. It is nearly like everything that is non a place streak, is an stroke. His motility stay unaltered whether he hits a place streak or hits a drivel single. Everything approximately sosa is lilt for the fence. And there is nothing incorrect with that... unless, we survive back to my number one. And this twelvemonth, sammy is besides low in strike outs. If he keep on racetrack this could be his best twelvemonth in that class in six or seven twelvemonth. Sammy precisely necessitate to necessitate it easy on juncture, shift his weight and precisely get that single. There arrive a point where place streak will non win games. It is precisely getting a bag tally with base_runner in tally berth. Once_again though, sammy is perform considerably in that class, once_again it appear to be the ease of the cubs who are non yield the streak support. 4. ) I am a strong protagonist of the drug examination in the mlb. Chiefly because it's a task. And if i suffer to on_occasion drop drawer and urinate in a cup to demonstrate myself, they should excessively. It is all about the trope that it render away. These actor are seen by million of people day-to-day and suffer direct influence on the animation of kid. It is interesting to see these kid shout at the actor precisely and_so they will undulation. But when they see it is all_right to utilize accessory of any sort, there is a better chance that the kid will perform it to. Therefore start the drift. If someone from the intelligence fare to my commercial_enterprise and said there were employee fare drugs or accessory, the reaction to it might be the same. People who cognize i function for this fanciful company might cause the supposition i am cause drugs. That is the nature of the media animal. The actor suffer the province of being a character exemplar. And the least they can perform is urinate in a cup to show that they are clean. Besides, it is these accessory that suffer push that bar to be raise repeatedly. Every actor desire to be large and stronger' induce every other actor is induce large and stronger. I cogitate this is' induce the place streak induce you celebrated. Perform anyone very care about randall_simon because he's suffer the best twelvemonth of his calling? Can you conceive_of a 220lbs. Ichiro? Banzai. 5. ) The integral focus of the chicago_cubs arrangement constitute incorrect. They love satiate up those buttocks at any price. Sammy_sosa is credibly the main baseball_game refer reason that people go_to games. Unluckily a bulk of ticket holder at games are thither for the lone ground of getting drink. I can non even distinguish you the last clip i saw some ace in the bleacher keep score of the game, precisely keep score with how_many empty beer cups are stack together. People travel because thither is a good chance they can state " i saw sammy's place trial, " at the berth h2o tank the future twenty-four_hours. The cubs create some reasonably poor actor motility decision in the off season and i merely say that because i am a truster in if-it-am not-broke. I intend their deliver staff's epoch was one of the best in the mlb last twelvemonth? Where are they immediately The cubs convey aboard moises_alou, who cost a_lot and was ache a_lot. And_so far he is act 94 games this season and amazingly compress 44 rbis out of it. But the cubs necessitate more and they can non trust on senesce - alou. Mcgriff suffer been a immense aid to the cubs telephone_line up and suffer suffer a reasonably nice twelvemonth. However, he is 39. Even sammy is get_down to get_down old, but he is in good pattern it appear. All we hear approximately constitute narrative from the farm system. Bru refer to legendary hee_seop_choi (i cogitate i spell it incorrect but he credibly will non be read this). I cogitate that since the cubs clearly will non constitute pull up from this dive safely, that they should get on the telephone and get some of these kid in their farm system up to refer the grass at wrigley. Permit them meet a few week start a chemical_science with their large conference buddy. They suffer an opportunity to switch some participant approximately and see who might be a good increase to future twelvemonth squad. The cubs_are being more aggressive about people on rooftop and backpack buttocks than they are with try to win. They induce happen up several opportunities to convey participant to the social_club that would do_good them, and precisely sit_down back softly. That appear to be the windy_city hex. Overall though, i precisely perform non believe that sosa the premiere actor and the ground that the cubs are survive. I cogitate the cubs, if necessitate be, could credibly swap sosa for a pair of actor that'd beef_up some of the hole in the occupation up. I act non cogitate that sosa meet for himself because he loves baseball_game But on_the_other_hand word startle circulate that he desire to startle ship. Grace stand cervix eminent in h2o on that sink ship for most of his calling. Like alison says, " he will credibly be a yank in two twelvemonth anyhow. " And baseball_game is suffer all approximately. From actor to the owner to the direction and to the fan, the integral past time appear to be a disorganize mess_hall. Face musical_note: sammy should surely never think_of the thought of a movie calling after look in the movie hardball and on_the_line. Talking about bad puerto_rico...