... an anon. electronic_mail from one of those readers who suffer arrive at a number of conclusion about me today after reading my weblog for calendar_month... almost every 1 of which is incorrect. I get one electronic_mail like this about every 12-15 calendar_month. Those of you who write weblogs or some other word_form of public authorship or talk or whatever must've experience this before. It perplex me... and and_so i cogitate " am i and_so incapable of express how i feel that i am misinform everyone? " The future thing that hap to me is that i should precisely discontinue writing. But that is speechless. I love perform this. I love the public_presentation and the pattern of writing... even_though there are many twenty-four_hours where i am dissatisfy with the terminal consequence. The reader cogitate i am unhappy with every aspect of my animation... but as those of you who are my friend or who read this cognize... it is non true. But i suffer remember someone state me that when people kick it is frequently more about their animation and their trouble then yours. In this font, yes. Therefore... I will travel on writing and adopt that those who perform non like me or my authorship will travel on to other things. Badly though, for the past 5 twelvemonth, i suffer use this weblog as a topographic_point to be more night... because i am by_and_large perceive as mr._optimistic. One of my near friend call me a little child the other twenty-four_hours as i was enthuse about one thing or another. I suffer detect i suffer to've a outer_space where i can be less positive and write in a dour mode. I suffer been seek to perform this more and more in late calendar_month because i cogitate animation and the question it enhance are more open-ended and unsure than i am normally willing to yield. I believe in happy ending because i suffer ever suffer them in liveliness. But as i get older i am become cognizant that the universe for many is non a happy topographic_point at all... and even for me it is a more complicate topographic_point than i naively imagine it to be. However, immediately i cost free to allow_in. There is one aspect of my animation about which i am really unhappy: my cervix. The awkwardness of a few calendar_month ago suffer flex into chronic pain_sensation and a comparatively small scope of movement. This is credibly cause by something stupid i induce cause in my exercise. But function out besides facilitate the pain_sensation and makes my cervix more flexible. I cogitate i will seek massage 1 and if i can non make that piece_of_work... I might've to make my 1 slip to the chiropractor. This morningetc. I got a few suggestion and thanks for those. But i leave several people to believe i am travel. I am non. I am survive to be in the twins for two -- matter them, two -- twenty-four_hours future calendar_month. My defect... I desire to cognize more about the vicinity and business_district animation and that put some of you away in the wrong direction. I am act dog-sitter for a few twenty-four_hours... a beautiful 2 twelvemonth old rottweiler. I ne'er suffer a domestic_dog when i was grow up. And when i was immature, i was afraid of them because i perform non understand them. Over the twelvemonth, i suffer grow to sleep_together them. And dammit... I am become to become one and shortly! :) dave likes domestic_dog but merely if they are outdoor. We survive business_district therefore outside is non survive to hap. Immediately dave and i are both obstinate people. Curiously plenty, i cogitate it is why we are such bang-up friend. And_so we suffer something of a deadlock going... we are non going to've a domestic_dog inside (dave) but we are besides non going to move (sweeney_todd). Something suffer to hold. I adopt it will be dave. He adopt it will be me. I cogitate we should compromise and get a houseboy alternatively! !